film opens with the helicopter flying
over the antarctic a man with binocular
spots a husky then pulls out a rifle and
starts firing away
the dog is much too swift easily evading
the aerial attack
the helicopter and dog begin to close in
on an american research facility
the men of the facility head outside the
curiosities are raised by the circling
helicopter
they notice it's from a norwegian
research base the norwegians continue
their attack
chucking a grenade at the dog the
helicopter comes down and the husky runs
towards the americans for safety
one of the norwegians pulls back the pin
of a grenade but clumsily drops it
behind him
of course he does the other one
desperately tries to find it in the snow
but gets himself in the helicopter blown
up in the process the remaining
norwegian shouts and readies his rifle
before firing at the dog
though he grazes one of the men bennings
instead the dog runs off and he makes
chase
but is stopped in his tracks by the
sharp shooting camp leader gary
the husky runs up to clark the dog
handler and he comforts it
dr copper patches up endings and blair
the biologist
checks up on the radio operator windows
who has been unsuccessful in making
contact with anyone the men are able to
find some papers concerning the
norwegian operation
there were eight other men men who
potentially need saving mccready the
team's pilot and dr copper prepare to
fly off to investigate the norwegian
base
as they're departing the husky watches
intently from under a table
it later navigates around the base
before entering a room with an unknown
man
upon arrival mccready and copper find a
base that's been through hell
they find a bloodied fire axe embedded
in one of the doors they enter
and explore the room before copper
notices a trail of blood he follows its
path and finds the frozen remains of a
man who took his own life
his wrists and throat have been slashed
wide open further exploration leads the
pair to research documents and videos of
the long gone norwegian crew
mccready checks out another room and
makes a peculiar discovery when he finds
a giant block of ice
they move on and inspect outside finding
a burnt and mangled corpse
barely recognizable as either man or
beast the pair returned to home base and
once again
the dog watches intently they brought
with them the body they found
the crew circles around repulsed and yet
in awe
of the grotesque creature that lies
before them blair begins an autopsy on
the creature
and finds a completely normal set of
internal human organs
we cut to later at night where we find
the men in their leisure time playing
pool and cards
the husky grazes past benning's leg
startling him he berates clark
will you put this mutt with the others
where he belongs clark obliges
and guides the dog into a kennel or
lazing away with the other huskies
something is wrong however and the other
dogs are quick to notice
the mysterious dog begins to transform
first spreading apart its face and then
growing crab-like legs
the panicked huskies bark and try to
break free but are ultimately subdued by
the creature
hearing the commotion clark heads back
to inspect he opens the door and two
fierce trick and huskies run off
tentacles lash out but clark slams the
door and holds it shut mccready now too
hears the creature's ungodly groans and
the screams of suffering dogs
he sounds the alarm and him and a few
others arrive he brings with him a
shotgun
but quickly realizes they're going to
need more firepower he tells bennings to
go grab childs and then proceeds towards
the kennel's entrance
mccready points the flashlight the
creature revealing its ungodly form
[Music]
he begins to unload on the creature but
when he hits one of the entangled dogs
clark furiously snatches away the
shotgun they can only watch in a horror
now as part of the creature breaks off
grows arms and pulls itself through the
ceiling at last
child arrives flamethrower in tow
mccready pleads with him to burn it but
he's spellbound by the creature's
hellish form
it opens and attacks him but childs
finally sets it ablaze
after a few moments the crew puts out
the fire and blair performs an autopsy
on the creature
he slips its flesh off revealing a
twisted dog-like skull he explains that
the creature
digests absorbs and then assimilates its
prey getting the ability to perfectly
mimic any organism later
and with clark's assistance blair
collects blood samples from the
surviving dogs
he questions him about the dog was he
behaving strangely what was he doing in
the rec room and finally
how much alone time did he spend with it
tensions quickly rise as blair glares at
clark with suspicious eyes
we cut to the team reviewing the footage
left by the norwegians we see them
standing on something frozen under the
ice before blowing it up
the team figures out the location of the
site and mccready flies off with palmer
and norris
shortly after arriving they come across
a giant alien spaceship nested within a
crater of ice
they repel down and mccree asks norris
how long he thinks the ship has been
entombed here
he estimates 100 000 years they climb
back up and find a large rectangle of
ice missing
just about the size of the ice block
mccready found in the other base they
return home and share their findings to
which child is incredulous
just cannot believe any of this voodoo
[ __ ]
those barges in reprimanding whoever
left their dirty clothes in the kitchen
trash
mccready inspects it briefly noticing
that it's torn up with concerned eyes
blair looks upon a picture of the
norwegian crew they're huddled around
the block of ice containing the
nightmare that seal their face
he goes on to run an analysis of the
creature simulating how it assimilates
cells on the computer
he determines that there is a 75 chance
that one of the crew members is already
infected
if it breaks out and reaches
civilization humanity would be fully
consumed within 37 months
he advises the crew through the
loudspeaker system to move their stuff
out of the storage room to make space
for the bodies
bendings and windows carry a corpse in
as mccready takes his things out
he's intercepted at the door by fuchs
the assistant biologist
he whispers to mccready that he needs to
talk to him in private they head out and
windows wraps up in the storage room
leaving bending behind as a piece of one
of the bodies begins to slither out
from within the tractor fuch shares his
concerns about blair with mccready
he locked himself in his room and won't
answer the door though
fuchs managed to get a hold of his notes
and learns that the cells of the burned
creatures
are still alive and active back in the
storage room windows returns to check up
on bennings but finds bloody and torn up
clothes instead
something catches his eye and he turns
spawning benning's lifeless body
entangled in tentacles
windows runs outside to tell mccready
and fuchs they all returned to the
storage room but the body and clothes
have vanished
though the window's been broken just
outside benning's imitation is running
through the snow
the alarm is triggered and the crew
surrounds the creature it dons the face
of the man they once knew
but its mutated hands betray its true
nature
mccready douses it in gasoline and sets
it a blaze with his flare
the crew collects the rest of the bodies
and thirdly soaks them in gasoline
before starting a scorching fire
they can't afford to leave any trace
left behind as they watch the bodies
burn
they realize blair is missing the others
search for him inside while mccready
finishes up outside
out of the corner of his eye he spots
blair running out of the helicopter with
an axe in hand
he's torn the thing apart suddenly a
gunshot goes off
mccready runs back into the station to
find a seemingly crazy blair
chopping up the radio room nobody gets
in and out of here
nobody frankly i'm on his side
he tells childs to check on things upon
returning he reports that the tractor is
busted and the rest of the dogs are dead
childs manages to safely dry out the
rest of blair's bullets and mccready
charges him with a table
they subdue him and take him to a shack
which they board up from the outside
mccready chats with him and blair warns
him to watch clark very closely
outside paranoia circulates around the
team about who is
and isn't human doctor copper suggests
that the test is infected by taking
blood samples and mixing it with the
blood they have in storage
which they know isn't contaminated they
go to retrieve the blood but find it's
been trained
the creature must have anticipated this
test the only people with access were
gary and dr copper
but someone else could have gotten their
hands on the key overcome with despair
windows runs off and grabs a shotgun but
is ultimately calmed down by gary
due to suspicion gary offers to step
down as leader and the even tempered
mccready takes over
a snowstorm looms ahead as clark dr
copper and gary are sedated
mccready checks up on the skittish fuchs
who's researching ways to test and deal
with the alien
later on the power goes out in his room
and he leaves to investigate
that he chases after the shadowy figure
and finds a torn up piece of mccready's
clothes outside
we cut to mccreedy asking if anyone's
seen fuchs he heads outside of nals and
first checks to see if blair saw
anything
they speak through a small opening in
the door and while blair is calm there's
a noose in the background
despite mccready inquiring about fuchs
blair only replies with police to return
to the base
he promises he's okay now for some
reason i doubt that
mccready pushes and blair shares that
he's been hearing strange things at
night
the pair explore outside and find a
burnt body he inspects further and fine
fuex's glasses
mccready notices that the lights are on
in his shack and the pair head off
meanwhile and after 45 minutes the crew
members decide to lock the doors
norris who seems unwell sees nalls
approaching from the window
he enters alone stating that he cut
mccreedy loose from the guideline
during the visit to the shack he saw
mccready's torn up clothes in the
furnace
the doorknob begins to turn but child is
firm in his stance to not let him back
in
mccready manages to enter through the
supply room for which he has the key
child to bust the door down with the axe
and prepares to unleash the flamethrower
on mccready
however he came prepared holding a
bundle of dynamite
he threatens to blow them all up if they
so much as touch him but that doesn't
stop them from trying
during the scuffle norris collapses and
nals reports that he isn't breathing
doctor copper is brought in and macready
now manning the flamethrower has taken
control of the situation
dr copper attempts to resuscitate norse
with the defibrillator his gut opens up
transforming into a razor tooth mouth it
clamps down on dr copper's arms
severing them in the process the
creature rubs towards the ceiling
[Music]
mccready sets it on fire but the
adaptive alien detaches its head
and sprouts legs the crew just barely
notices it
as it walks past them mccready too sets
it ablaze
later the power struggle comes to a head
as mccready looks to have everyone tied
up
charles objects but mccready is prepared
to take any action necessary
then kill me suddenly clark charges
mccready with a knife
put his gun down clark and dr copper's
bodies are gathered and restrained
before mccready speaks to the remaining
crew
having witnessed the independence of the
alien's individual body parts he
theorizes that perhaps
even the alien's blood could act to
defend itself he devises a test where a
blood sample is taken
and subjected to a hot wire if it reacts
then they know
windows is the first to be tested and
turns out to be human mccreedy arms him
with another flamethrower
as the testing continues mccready openly
accuses gary of being an imitation
but instead finds that palmer is the one
the others can do nothing more than
panic as the alien tied next to them
begins a violent transformation
mccready attempts to take action but his
flamethrower is malfunctioning
the palmer clone flies into the air
before landing near windows
and capitalizes on his moment of
hesitation
[Music]
mccready manages to get his flamethrower
working and sets the alien on fire
it crashes through the wall and is
finished off by a stick of dynamite
the trio of survivors beg him to return
and set with remains of windows on fire
he obliges mccready and the three
remaining survivors
child gary and nulls are revealed to be
human
while ordering childs to stay behind to
watch the camp the others go to check on
blair to give him the blood test
however the shed is empty blair had
escaped through the floor
and was secretly building a small
spacecraft in the tunnels using
helicopter parts
they head back up and spawn childs
running off into the storm before the
power suddenly goes out
the clock is ticking now as it won't be
long before they freeze to death whether
we make it or not we can't let that
thing freeze again
mccready nulls and gary begin setting
fire to the complex with molotov
cocktails
they venture down to the generator room
of the camp to set tnt charges
but gary is blindsided by the infected
blare he covers his mouth and fuses with
gary's skin
knowles hears something and investigates
alone of course he does
with no one responding to his calls
mccready prepares for the worst
suddenly the creature charges him from
beneath the floorboards it destroys the
detonator
and flares its monstrous form featuring
parts of the crew and the dogs
in a last-ditch effort mccready throws a
stick of dynamite at it
both the thing and the rest of the
compound explode but mccready survives
he stumbles to his rune shack before
child appears behind him with his
flamethrower armed
he claims he saw blair and got lost in
the storm chasing after him
neither of them know whether the other
is the thing but it's not like they have
the strength to do anything about it
with a frozen tomb awaiting them charles
asks how will we make it
maybe we should
[Music]
on that dark note along with a wiry
laugh from my creedy the thing
comes to a close one thousand
subscribers baby tell my mom i made it